export const title = 'Building a Full-Stack Blog with Cursor';
export const date = '2025-04-13';

import Image from '@/components/ui/Image';
import cursor from './assets/cursor.png';
import error from './assets/error.png';
import Comments from '@/components/Comment';
import vibe from './assets/vibe.png';
import action from './assets/action.png';

I'm a frontend developer who's still a bit uncomfortable with the backend. Even
when building my previous blog, I mostly handled parts requiring backend
knowledge indirectly, like using [giscus](https://giscus.app/en) for the comment
feature.

However, I felt the need for my own space where I could freely display content,
and for that, I needed a blog backend. This was because while running my
[developer Instagram account](https://instagram.com/yeol.dev) and occasionally
posting development content, I faced many limitations due to it being an
image/video-centric platform.

As this need for a blog with a backend arose, AI editors like the recently
emerged Cursor showed me the potential for a full-stack blog. After all, now
there's a backend developer inside the editor I can ask various things.

<Image src={cursor} alt="cursor" />

So, I decided to take on the challenge. I dedicated two weekends to completing
the blog, and I want to share that process. First, check out the comment
component I built myself ðŸ™Œ ~~Tested only with my account, so there might be
bugs~~

<Comments postId="blog-cursor" />

## Implementing What You Know with Cursor

It was quite interesting how differently I utilized Cursor when writing familiar
frontend code versus unfamiliar backend code.

For the frontend, I mainly tasked Cursor with the tedious parts. For example, it
did a pretty good job creating non-complex components like the comment viewer.
**The biggest advantage was having Cursor handle tasks I already knew how to
do.** Thanks to this, I could focus on the details.

For instance, Cursor adequately implemented common error handling like network
errors or non-logged-in states. This allowed me to spend more time thinking
about how to structure the error handlers and what messages to show the user,
rather than just the error handling code itself (try-catch, if...).

<Image src={error} alt="error" className="aspect-[16/9] object-contain" />

Did you know that even basic components like modals are hard to build correctly
if you consider accessibility, focus handling, etc.? That's why I wanted to try
[radix-ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/), but **I was too lazy to study it, so I
asked Cursor!** ~~So proud~~. It created the comment deletion confirmation modal
quite well. You probably shouldn't do this in a professional setting, but if
there's a technology you want to try in a side project and you don't feel up to
reading the documentation, this seems like a good way to take the first step.

Another point to note is that when I made abstract and large requests like
'implement the comment feature,' Cursor often churned out a whole bunch of
unintended code. Therefore, I had to work by **breaking down the requirements
into smaller, component-level tasks**. This also made code review much easier.
Plus, you can save tokens that would otherwise be wasted on nonsensical output.

While it used to feel like coding alone, using Cursor felt like doing a code
review, even though it was a solo side project.

## Implementing What You Don't Know with Cursor

Since many backend tasks were unfamiliar to me, I used Cursor by explaining the
features and requesting it to write the corresponding queries or server action
code. For example, when I described, "I want to manage comments per user, please
create a table to store this," it generated appropriate table schemas and
queries.

Occasionally, when creating tables, it included fields unnecessary for my blog,
so I requested modifications. Honestly, they were fields that would likely be
included in a full-fledged service, but I wanted to keep things as simple as
possible, so I removed them.

<Image src={action} alt="action" className="aspect-[16/9] object-contain" />

_(Developing with a backend certainly makes server actions convenient. It would
have been more tedious if I had to create all the REST endpoints...)_

Although I roughly understood concepts like primary and foreign keys, allowing
me to grasp the table design, I still wasn't sure how DB functions or triggers
worked. I realized that if things like this accumulate, the project could become
incomprehensible and unmanageable. Thus, I thought it would be crucial **to
properly encapsulate, manage, and study these parts.**

Since I used Supabase, security settings like RLS (Row Level Security) also
needed configuration. Cursor automatically generated this code, which was
extremely convenient. I had heard that 'RLS setup is cumbersome' is a downside
of Supabase, but thanks to Cursor, I managed to get through it without much
stress.

## Reflections

Overall, it feels like my role was to handle the details in frontend
development, while in backend development, it was to verify if Cursor correctly
understood the requirements.

**I strongly felt that "knowing what is possible" is crucial for creating good
results.** Since I'm not very familiar with the backend, there were times when
Cursor wrote strange or inefficient code, and I couldn't even notice it.

For example, for the emoji reaction feature, I initially implemented it using
server actions by fetching the count (request 1) and then incrementing the count
(request 2). However, by utilizing a DB function, the database handles this
operation, reducing it to a single request. I only realized this later and
optimized it. I believe this issue arises because **Cursor, not knowing the
service's specific requirements as well as I do, has to write code that
generally works well.**

I also felt that **optimization requires both an understanding of the
requirements and technical understanding.** In this instance, I knew the
requirements, and Cursor knew the technology, but I realized that backend study
is essential to use Cursor more proactively and efficiently in the future.

Lastly, **troubleshooting related to environment setup**, like Supabase
configuration or GitHub Auth, was difficult to resolve solely with Cursor. It
would be great if AI that understands the entire development environment becomes
commercially available soon.
